README.md, before:

Author
======
nrieb AT cs dot unm dot edu

Prolog version
==============
SWI=Prolog version 6.6.6

Important Files Description
===========================
vamp_ww.pl - Part a prolog file
vamp_ww_partb.pl - Part b prolog file
vamp_ww_partc.pl - Part c prolog file (4 vamps and wws, boat only holds 2)
vamp_ww_partc_hold3.pl - Part c prolog file (4 vamps and wws, boat holds 3)
*.log files - output of the above prolog files when using the 'find' predicate
graphs.pdf - the graphs of the results of the above log files.

Program Description
===================
This is my solution for the vampires and werewolves program.  The vampires and werewolves must use a boat to move across a river.  At any point in time, werewolves may not outnumber vampires on any side of the river. 

I’ve used a BFS search based upon George Luger’s BFS algorithm.

State representation
-------------------
My state representation is encoded like

    state(Boat’s shore (e for east, w for west), # of vampires on the western shore,
    # werewolves on western shore).

For example:

    state(e,3,1)

means that the boat is on the eastern shore, there are three vampires on the western shore, and there is one werewolf on the western shore.  In the simple 3 vampires 3 werewolves case, then this implies that there are zero vampires on the eastern shore and two werewolves on the eastern shore.

Output Format
-------------
###Visited states###

Format is:  
parent :SPACE: child

state(e,0,0) state(w,2,0)  
state(e,0,0) state(w,0,2)  
state(e,0,0) state(w,1,1)  
state(e,0,0) state(w,1,0)  
state(e,0,0) state(w,0,1)  
...  
state(e,3,1) state(w,3,3)  
state(e,3,1) state(w,3,2)  

###Solution Output###
Solution path is:  
state(e,0,0)  
state(w,0,2)  
state(e,0,1)  
state(w,0,3)  
state(e,0,2)  
state(w,2,2)  
state(e,1,1)  
state(w,3,1)  
state(e,3,0)  
state(w,3,2)  
state(e,2,2)  
state(w,3,3)

Commit message:

mention where I output the solution (i.e. in bfs.pl).

README.md, after:

Author
======
nrieb AT cs dot unm dot edu

Prolog version
==============
SWI=Prolog version 6.6.6

Important Files Description
===========================
vamp_ww.pl - Part a prolog file
vamp_ww_partb.pl - Part b prolog file
vamp_ww_partc.pl - Part c prolog file (4 vamps and wws, boat only holds 2)
vamp_ww_partc_hold3.pl - Part c prolog file (4 vamps and wws, boat holds 3)
*.log files - output of the above prolog files when using the 'find' predicate
graphs.pdf - the graphs of the results of the above log files.

Program Description
===================
This is my solution for the vampires and werewolves program.  The vampires and werewolves must use a boat to move across a river.  At any point in time, werewolves may not outnumber vampires on any side of the river. 

I’ve used a BFS search based upon George Luger’s BFS algorithm.  This is where I am printing my solution and the intermediate steps.

State representation
-------------------
My state representation is encoded like

    state(Boat’s shore (e for east, w for west), # of vampires on the western shore,
    # werewolves on western shore).

For example:

    state(e,3,1)

means that the boat is on the eastern shore, there are three vampires on the western shore, and there is one werewolf on the western shore.  In the simple 3 vampires 3 werewolves case, then this implies that there are zero vampires on the eastern shore and two werewolves on the eastern shore.

Output Format
-------------
###Visited states###

Format is:  
parent :SPACE: child

state(e,0,0) state(w,2,0)  
state(e,0,0) state(w,0,2)  
state(e,0,0) state(w,1,1)  
state(e,0,0) state(w,1,0)  
state(e,0,0) state(w,0,1)  
...  
state(e,3,1) state(w,3,3)  
state(e,3,1) state(w,3,2)  

###Solution Output###
Solution path is:  
state(e,0,0)  
state(w,0,2)  
state(e,0,1)  
state(w,0,3)  
state(e,0,2)  
state(w,2,2)  
state(e,1,1)  
state(w,3,1)  
state(e,3,0)  
state(w,3,2)  
state(e,2,2)  
state(w,3,3)
